[Music]
we are in Santa ish City by the Red Sea
and we're about to head out for a safari
and desert we're gonna go have dinner
with the Bedouin swore the native lizard
people in five seconds I'm already
sweating like I can't even imagine what
it's like adventure like we're seriously
deep in the Egyptian desert like the
earth
nothing around I see a couple of like
compounds down here but that's the first
sign of like human life we've seen
before like the solid 30 minutes like
there's nothing here I don't know how
this guy knows where he's going like
everything looks the same
we asked him music I'm hit every day I
think we're good
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so yeah sir is the one that set
this whole thing up with the this is
fast and furious
Safari edition
[Music]
when I write all the quads climbed out
the man set and now we came down to but
with these guys this is how the Bedouin
is Eva they're grilling over there on
the rocks
they're making some comfort I goofed up
making some cuff down very excited to be
eating out here in the desert the way
they do it
[Music]
all your lives yeah they've been living
here ever since they were born
Wow yeah and have they been to Cairo or
outside now and let me to head to a
tragic end they've never they have never
left how old are they 25 24 21 how many
people live with you yeah but it would
be living together and they came and
they can go they can go like hundred two
hundred kilos in the desert and they can
make it back so their main source of
income is raising raising camels and
sheep and like all the way is just one
aspect of how they make
but then he's saying it's just the his
favorite thing about living here is the
fact that it's so peaceful there's no
pollution and there's no noise yeah it's
just like in the mountains so quiet
you'll stay here the rest of your life
yeah they want to stay for the rest are
they all married couple a you don't know
no way no way sing sing of the alphabet
all right we're gonna wrap it up here we
have an hour-long ride back home amazing
experience overall and we're excited for
the next day so we'll see you guys next
episode
[Music]